Doc/ Add example to clarify JSON Encoder and Decoder (#236)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md

# JSON

A `JSONDataNode^` is a type of data node used to model JSON
file data. To add a new _JSON_ data node configuration, the `Config.configure_json_data_node_node()^` method can be used.
In addition to the generic parameters described in
[Data node configuration](data-node-config.md) section, a mandatory and two optional parameters can be provided.

- The _**default_path**_ is a mandatory parameter that represents the JSON file path used by Taipy to read and write data.

- The _**encoder** and _**decoder**_ parameters are optional parameters that represent the encoder (json.JSONEncoder) and decoder
(json.JSONDecoder) used to serialize and deserialize JSON data.

```python linenums="1"
from taipy import Config

hist_temp_cfg = Config.configure_json_data_node(
    id="historical_temperature",
    default_path="path/hist_temp.json",
)
```

In this example, we configure a JSON data node. The _id_ argument is "historical_temperature". Its _scope_ is
`SCENARIO` (default value), and the path is the file hist_temp.json.

> Without specific _**encoder** and _**decoder**_ parameters, `hist_temp_cfg` will use the `DefaultJSONEncoder` and
> `DefaultJSONDecoder` provided by Taipy, which have the capability to encode and decode Python [`enum.Enum`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html), [`datetime.datetime`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#datetime-objects),
> and [dataclass](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without specific _**encoder** and _**decoder**_ parameters, `hist_temp_cfg` will use default encoder and decoder provided by Taipy, which have the capability to encode and decode Python [`enum.Enum`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html), [`datetime.datetime`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#datetime-objects),
and [dataclass](https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html) object.
```

I removed the reference to the DefaultJSONEncoder class because it has been made private.
